Experiment result text (#83)
chhoumann/p8: report/src/system_evaluation/setup.tex

\section{Experiment design}\label{sec:experiment_design}
%Forsoegsopstilling, der inkludere en tegning af omraadet set oppefra med indtegning af beacons, objectern og hvor rigtige position for test person.

> The implemented system's evaluation experiments are conducted in a room measuring $4.75m \times 6.5m$.

Reviewer: I added this

In the room, a cabinet is placed between two tables, effectively dividing the room into two smaller areas. 

> In each of the smaller areas a table with six chairs is placed and on the walls are placed whiteboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the smaller areas are furnished with a table surrounded by six chairs, and whiteboards mounted on the walls.
```

\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{images/experiment_room.png}
    \caption{A sketch of the meeting room in which the experiments were carried out.}
    \label{fig:experiment_room}
\end{figure}
On one end of each table is a large, rectangular window.
Furthermore, one table has a large TV screen placed near its window. 

> Near the door of the room, an airconditioning controller and a large glass window is located. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Near the door of the room, an airconditioning controller and a large glass pane, acting as a window out into the common area, is located. 
```

> Next to the door is placed a glass pane, acting as a window out into the common area. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: This is crucial when commenting on the results in the discussion.

Lighting is built into the ceiling, thus no hanging light will interfere with the broadcasted signals. 

> Outside the meeting room is a common area containing two high tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outside the meeting room, is the aforementioned common area containing two high tables.
```

\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{images/experiment_map_creation.png}
    \caption{A sketch of the meeting room partitioned into a grid decorated with beacon placements (red antenna) and measurement locations (circles with letters). The figure how the measurements are collected systematically in the meeting room.}
    \label{fig:experiment_map_creation}
\end{figure}

> When the collector stops at the intersection of two grid-lines, they can press a button in the app, which starts measuring after a number of seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the collector stops at the intersection of two grid-lines, they can press a button in the app, which starts measuring after five seconds.
```

Maybe clarify further that this delay can be changed programatically.

\subsection{Evaluation strategy} %This is where we examine if we can classify correctly
\begin{figure}[h]
    \centering
    \includegraphics[scale=0.5]{images/experiment_setup.png}
    \caption{A sketch of the meeting room in which the experiments were carried out, decorated with beacon placements (red antenna) and measurement locations(green circles)}
    \label{fig:experiment_setup}
\end{figure}
In evaluating the generated map, our aim is to determine if the system can accurately distinguish whether a receiving device is situated inside or outside the room.
As described in Section \ref{sec:bluetooth_low_energy}, physical obstacles can cause fluctuations in the received signals. 

> Therefore, we design the expirement such that measurements are taken in areas where some, none, and all of the beacons are blocked. 

Reviewer: I changed this

    \item $1,2 \text{ and } 3m$ outside the door to examine how far away from the meeting a receiver must be before it is classified as outside.
    \item By the tables in the common area, to ensure that we do not classify an outside area as an inside area.
\end{itemize}

> For each of these areas x \todo{how many measurements} data points has been collected and classified on a Samsung Galaxy A53 5G.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each of these areas x \todo{how many measurements} data points has been collected and classified on a Samsung Galaxy A53 5G.
```

Fix todo
